[Applause]
hey guys Shanaya here welcome back to my
channel I am going to be doing a
requested video today this was requested
by actually the first request I got from
this was by Nigerian food recipes it has
since been requested by a couple more
ladies so I figured let me just get it
done now I'm doing an outfit of the day
with this whole outfit so um I don't
know if I'll come out exactly as I had
it tighter than the outfit of the day
but I'll try my best I have to let you
guys know though this is not my
profession I am an amateur in this I
just do it for me I once hired on people
but since it was requested this is how I
do it alright so you get your material
the one that I have is that shocking
material you can use any kind of head
time that you have the whole time very
very similar as long as the hair tie is
not cotton because cotton does not have
that like it's not as stiff as their
show came material or the regular head
tie is so you want something that is
very very stiff for this particular
style and this is my go-to style is
almost very bright or very Nigerian
Bridal traditional my rage style but
that's the kind that I like okay so I'm
going to get some of this hair out of
the way because I want the whole hair
completely off my face so you begin this
is the material that I have this is
about one and a half yeah and I like
most of my head time I'd say out to be
about the same length because I know
that one and a half yeah it usually
works for me so you start off from the
back you want to get the middle length
of the material so that I have it folded
in half
and you want to grab this by Midlands
and then start from the back and you
want your whole hair out of your face
so when you tie it from the back you
want to criss cross in front so like so
but I'll show you guys how to do it
slowly so you want your head Scout just
crisscross on the front and I apologize
I can't really see hopefully you guys
saw that so you won this goth criss
cross on the funds like such and don't
worry about this whole thing here going
on you're going to have the opportunity
to kind of mold it to your liking so
once you have the material criss cross
on the France you want to get our it up
the back and this is how I do my
guttering start the very tip that you
have on the back you want to start
gathering and you want to gather enough
because you will tie that on the very
back and I like this tip right here to
be a little bit shorter than this this
is way too long for me so you've got a
to your liking as short as you want it
to be so right around there is good
enough for me yeah right around there
it's okay stop get it enough and I want
to do the same thing here I want to
gather it almost like an accordion and
once you have a good amount of tip then
you tie
they want to tie it twice so that your
headscarf doesn't come out when you're
doing your dancing or moving around so
at this point you have your tip and you
have your tip right here it's not
showing a quite well but once we're done
molding it
it will definitely come out the
beautiful definitely show so I like to
have my earrings out iciest ran a couple
strands up here showing so I'm just
going to push that back in because I
don't want any of my hair showing and
this is not to say that you can't have
your hair showing you can tie this
exactly however you want it and when you
stop molding you want more the one in
the back first okay so that the one in
the front would just kind of follow
through
and at this point you basically want to
UM do these steps as I'll call it and I
don't try to get too crazy on the steps
in the back because that's not the most
visible part of this head to high is
actually the one in the front so I put
all my energy on that one and just like
we made the accordion style on the back
when we tie that you want to kind of
make your steps like that
and I think the more you play around
with it the better looks so basically by
the time we're finished this is what you
have and you can't mess around with it
if you need to I don't like to use
needle on Maya or pins right I don't
like to use pin on my head ties so I
stay away from that because sometimes I
forget that I have it and I come to
unravel it and the pin just gets stuck
on my finger so I don't play around with
pins but if you do prefer to use pin to
make sure everything stays in place this
path is definitely a place where you can
pin pin down but otherwise usually stays
on when I tie it it just stays on by
itself and like I said it mess around
with this mold it's your liking this is
not that great right now but the more
you mess around with it the better it
gets
okay and I like to bring mine down a
little bit the only thing I want showing
really are my earrings and not so much
of my forehead anyway guys this is
pretty much it and this is my go-to
style I don't like the really up top one
this is usually my style I tie this like
this and if I have just certainly
regular cotton material I tie it a
little bit different than this because I
know this style is not hold with cotton
it usually holds back up with ghillie
material or heads cast material okay
guys so that's it for now
I hope you guys learned a little
something and there's a lot of YouTube
videos on how to do this so if you
didn't find this helpful and you just
wanted to see somebody else do it
sometimes if you hear from somebody
different or see it or visualize it from
a different person you know you learn a
thing or two so I will put a link or a
few links of a lot of beautiful gorgeous
women who
this very very well even better than I
do okay all right guys that's it for now
I will see you in the next video bye bye